>> Scott: All right, so let's move on to
the the last little bit that I got here.
That's the last excercise we have.
I just got some more stuff to talk about
here, and then we can just freely chat.
The last bit I wanna talk
about was REST and GraphQL.
So, we've been working with REST,
we've been working with GraphQL, and
they've kinda just been sitting next to
each other, so how can they work together?
>> Scott: So, there's some
different ways you can use them.
REST next to GraphQL is basically
what we've been doing now, and
this is what we're using, like I said.
Great if you still need
to use your REST API.
If you have a API that's serving this app,
and
this app might be like, I don't know,
a web app, let's say it's a web app,
right, that same API,
you want to use for your new mobile app,
your new shiny mobile app that you
built in Swift or React Native, but
you want that to use GraphQL, but
you don't wanna build a whole another API.
You wanna use the same
API that's the same data.
So you're just like, I'm gonna put GraphQL
next to it, and then that way the Web app
can still use the REST, and
the mobile app can use the GraphQL.
So they're sitting next to each other on
the same API, accessing the same data, but
with two different approaches.
One's via REST.
One's via GraphQL.
So that's something.
That's the strategy you
can implement there.
It's also great if you're still evaluating
GraphQL and/or you are still building it.
So let's say you do have a web app, you're
thinking about using GraphQL, so you build
it next to your REST implementation or
whatever implementation you have, and
you switch some components over to user
GraphQL in point progressively while
you're still evaluating it, or maybe you
made your decision, you totally wanna use
it, but it's gonna take time, and
you've still gotta serve your customers.
So you still put it there side by side,
and
eventually you change everything
over with some tests and stuff.
So that's implementation.
I've helped tons of companies convert over
to GraphQL, that's the approach we took.
We put it right next to REST and
we start with some test page based on some
criteria, and we'll start switching
it over until everything is done, and
then we'll just turn off the rest.
So you can totally do that, and
that's literally what we're doing now.
It's sitting next to each other, and you
know you're sitting next to each other,
the GraphQL and the REST,
when inside of the server it's mounted.
Here's our rest API.
Here's our GraphQL API.
They're literally right
next to each other.
Another approach you can do is
you can convert REST to GraphQL.
So what that means is you take
an incoming REST request, so
if you have a URL like /user/ID
you would take that URL, and
you would turn that into
a query on the fly.
So, basically what I'm saying is,
you would take a URL like this.
So you would say I'm gonna
take /api/user/12, and
I'm gonna convert it to this string
that looks like user with the id of,
user with 12, and give me back the id,
give me back the username,
something like that.
So you would take that and convert it to
this, and then you would take this and
you would run your GraphQL schema,
I mean, sorry,
you will run the GraphQL query against
the schema with that given query.
So you will literally do exactly what
we did in the text this whole time.
So we go back to our test see how
we're running a query right here.
You can just do this on your server,
there's nothing stopping you from doing
that, except for this query right
here would be the dynamic query that
was created from your REST string.
So you would convert the REST route
into a query or a mutation, and
then just run it against your
schema with the variable,
with the given sign in user and then you
just convert REST to GraphQL on the fly.
So at the end of the day you still
have GraphQL getting your data, but
you're accessing it via REST.
So, again, it allows you to
run GraphQL schema, great for
using the power of GraphQL
to retrieving data.
We also have the power of GraphQL,
how easy it is to pick data and
do stuff on the fly.
So by masking it with REST,
you get the best of both worlds.
If you love REST, then you can still use
that, but then you have GraphQL actually
retrieving the data, going to multiple
sources across the Internet, or
across your replicants, or where ever
all your data is stored they can go and
get all that data and come back and
feed it to your REST requesters.
It is also great for
keeping your REST API.
So if you really just wanna keep you
rest API, but still use GraphQL for
data retrieving, you can totally do that.
So that's another implementations.
There's some other implementations you can
probably fix like you can have convert to
GraphQL, but
still use some of REST over here, and
maybe these routes are GraphQL and this
one's not, so it can be pretty custom,
but these are just the two overall
things that you can probably do.